hey guys if go here and stand back with
only video interview only showing you
how to beat the 6th night on five nights
at Freddy's 2 now there is a jests
a genuine strategy that pretty much
everybody uses to beat this now I did
come up with this on my own but I
realize a lot of other people do use
this because there are very few
strategical options on this night but I
put a twist on this which I'll be
explaining later but I'm going to go
through the bare bones of the strategy
first so do you understand the actual
movements I'm doing then I'm going to
tell you the twist I put on it which
allowed me to get from night from there
4 a.m. to 6 a.m. now I was trying to do
this for a really long time it took
about 3 weeks playing not obviously not
24/7 but I was trying to get for ages
you know the first night and the sixth
night on the first game story was easy I
just did in one go on this one it's
really hard as a lot of people saying
that they can't do it and I you know at
the time I was trying to do it myself
and I was like well I'm doing the
strategy right you know I knew that
other people you know when I checked
online other people doing the same
things like well I'm doing this right
then why aren't I beating it and so you
know this is the right all you want to
be doing stuff in but it's something
else it's going to really help you out
so let's just go through what that
strategy is and the reason everyone does
it is of course there are very few
options I know of any one other way of
doing this and it didn't work for me
either but I have seen other people do
it but I only look at left then but
other than that it's literally just this
one so what you want to do you want to
give look at the left light the
flashlight the right light then why not
music box when you've wound up the music
box
put down the kilometer and put the mask
on instantly now I'm going to go through
that a little bit more detail now when
you look at the left vent you're looking
out for a balloon boy you're looking out
for chica a toy chica if you see him you
want to put the mask on for five seconds
but before you do so be sure to give a
little flash to Fox you just in case
sometimes when you put the mouse down if
you're vulnerable that's when you're
vulnerable to foxy and if you do that
sometimes he will get you in a time that
you're waiting for them to go and buy
five seconds I don't just mean a 1 2 3 4
5 I'm talking 100 200 300 400 500 is
what I do anyway and at that point take
the mask off check again if that
Enderman don't presume that they've gone
because balloon boy can be really
annoying on its night sometimes and he
will stay there for more
at five seconds and it's really annoying
and there's really not much you can do
about it he effectively kills me at the
end of this game but I managed to you
know just the six just rolled as he
described my game up
so I beat it but he literally just
completely screwed me over if that
happens there's nothing you can really
do about it
but generally the five seconds is all
you'll need the same applies for the
right vent with mangle and Troy Bonnie
and if you when your fashioned the
flashlight only do about free you don't
need any more than that that's what I do
just to be confident that foxy is not
going to kill me while I'm on the one I
might not the music box here so make
sure you always fashion as well you just
saw then the flashlight wasn't actually
working for me but it still is still
giving foxy his flash and pretty sure it
is anyway because he really should have
killed me else because I if that didn't
count as a flash then I hadn't flashed
him in ages or at least his eye with
hearts in his way I just wouldn't have
worked at all so that must give at least
some somewhat of a flash to him which
works quite well so and if I don't don't
just flash when it's not that and
thinking I can't see my can't see my I
can't look at the the music box you can
you just go be quick about it now as
well when we once you've won the music
box up do as much as you feel confident
to do and then do one thing there's one
thing you cannot do at that point you
cannot then put the monitor down and
start flashing em Italy won't kill you
every time but you see then golden
Freddy's there he'll appear randomly if
you come out of that flashing he will
kill you always put the mask down the
second you come out of it as fast as you
can because that also helps with lights
of withered Bonnie with Freddy and with
a chica as you just saw there because
it's there there you know sometimes
people they put the monitor down they
wait to see if they're there then they
put the mask on if you do that you're
losing precious time just presume that
they're there and as well once you once
they have actually got you in that bit
where you're you're waiting for them to
go be sure if you're using sound to wait
until the audio cue and the audio
changes else what I did in this video I
look to see when I could see the orange
ball in the background at the moment I
saw the orange wall wait for eyes I'll
point out the moment right here I knew I
could take it off
and a generally good indicators you know
when to take it off and as well make
sure you're looking at our left side so
you can instantly hit left vent once you
come out of that which is always really
helpful to anyone it is as fast as
possible and get as much wind up in
music-box as possible which is main
priority has to be sometimes even if I
literally is flashing red on the music
box give a quick flash and just go for
it ignore the vents sometimes you can
sacrifice them and just hope that
nothing is there
now let me tell you the real big twist I
put on this when I was trying to beat
this I kept hearing stuff like listen
for audio cues and I tried that and he
admittedly it helped me out I got that
probably got me from about 3 a.m. to 4
a.m. you know it added an extra hour to
my night but I still couldn't beat it
and I put it down in the end too sloppy
mistakes foxy and the music box and all
of them for me came down to fear factor
you know I was I was nervous was playing
the game because I was really conscious
I can it jumps get any second because
there's so many different people around
the trikes that can jump scare you at
this point at any at any point in this
game so I was nervous and as always he
making mistakes foxy I was too conscious
of I'm just basically just too scared of
foxy because he's got a horrible jump
scare and it was making me not buying
the music box up as much so him to
pretty much the same sort of thing
I wasn't winding the Box up enough and
it was really screwing me over and the
way I conquered this is with a complete
twist which defies the normal game logic
but it it helped me out here if I stop
talking for a second you'll see what I
mean there's no sound I played this game
on mute
I took the sound off I played it a much
more confidently much more relaxed and
as a result I actually beat the night I
can't guarantee this will work for you
but if the reason you're not beating the
night is because of sloppy mistakes you
know you're making mistakes that you
know after the game you're like you're
more annoyed and scared at the end
because like I I should have beaten out
I that was my own mistake there was no
reasons to do that then it was just a
mistake
you know sometimes before I'd see toy
bonnie down i'd i put the monitor but
like no would panic and it's all over
but by removing the sound i just played
it confidently this is the first game i
played without sound and i beat it in
one go I was getting four am pretty much
every time before and by that point you
know
make a mistake I wouldn't be fast enough
I'd I'd freeze when I saw withered
Bonnie or something that even just for a
millisecond even a slightest bit of
freeze and it's gone for and it's over
I'd I'd be so conscious of Foxy had come
out of the the monitor flashing even
when I knew I shouldn't because I was
the one who was saying that I should not
be doing that I still didn't I got
golden Freddy you can actually see that
in one of my other videos I think it's
top five on electronics that happens in
where I was just a stupid error that's
how I beat it the regular strategy left
light flashlights right light box and
trying to keep these in right order and
then put the mast down but also if you
if fear factors what's stopping you're
beating it try turning the sound off and
see if it works
hope this video has been helpful for you
or anyway informative reach or determine
the comments below if this is really
helps you out and it's helped you beat
the night I really hope it does because
it really helped me out please you take
one second the hit like button below and
thanks for watching